`AppSideNav` - Web docs (HDS-3807) (#2410)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/app-side-nav/partials/specifications/anatomy.md

## Anatomy

> ![Anatomy of sideNav](/assets/components/app-side-nav/app-side-nav-anatomy.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The App Side Nav with the elements labelled: Back link, Collapse toggle,  list title, list item, body](/assets/components/app-side-nav/app-side-nav-anatomy.png)
```
